Improve migrate docs, fix a typo, add more mev relays (#402)
ObolNetwork/obol-docs: docs/advanced/quickstart-split.md

```

These split keys can now be used to start a Charon cluster.

## Step 3. (Optional) Encrypt artifacts for distribution

> Within each folder are the encrypted [private key shares](../int/key-concepts.md#distributed-validator-key-share), along with the decryption passwords. To transmit these folders to the operators/machines where they will run, it might be prudent to encrypt the folder as a `.zip` to transport them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within each folder are the encrypted [private key shares](../int/key-concepts.md#distributed-validator-key-share), along with the decryption passwords. To transmit these folders to the operators/machines where they will run, it might be prudent to compress the folder to a `.zip` to transport them.
```

Might be better word for zipping... we are not really encrypting when we make it a zip.

Author: The `-e` flag does encrypt it, the command prompts you to enter a password. :)
